What a stupid people
Did you know that in the world of international conscription
The Azure Dragon is the target of the head-breaking being hunted
People like him
A lifetime of endless killing
What he brings to the people around him will only be an endless disaster
You don't care about your day
What about your relatives and friends?
More than 20 meters of subordinates brought to Liang Dong
It's a living rebel
Stop turning right and wrong
State Danger and Killing
It's caused by your killing machines
You are right and wrong
Good and evil remain unchanged
For profit
Even to stimulate the rape of human life
Harming national security
You are the heinous ones.
heinous crime
I don't care what Douglas did
But I know that even if he retires
As long as the country needs him
The people need him
If you have a call, you will return and you will win
I don't know at all
I would even be proud of him
Because he is a true national hero
Hahaha, then you should sacrifice for your hero.
Sword Demon, this woman is yours
Such a beautiful sister
How could I have the heart?
What do you want?
Huaxia Qinglong